README.md, before:

# Mass-Quote-Submissions
 Repo for my Mass Quote Submissions email program

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Welcome! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~ Program created by Samuel Alexander Lanteigne ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Program Goals
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
[X]  Send emails using my work account
[X]  Include specific quote details in header (name, boat)
[X]  Include specific submission details in body (salutation, carrier-specific wording)
[X]  Basic CC functionality
[X]  Have a GUI launcher to select carriers & input necessary details
[X]  Incorporate details in assigned variables that will later be used
[X]  Automate the process by clicking & dragging a quoteform to attach to email
[X]  Allow other attachments to be included within the email.
[-]  Allow customizability with the HTML msg so that others can modify it accordingly for each carrier
[-]  Settings should be capable to be saved across sessions (persistent)


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Program Steps to success
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
[X]  Send a successful email
[X]  Include relevant specific data
[X]  Create a GUI launcher
[X]  Load functionality into launcher & test it works
[X]  Create form field entries into launcher
[X]  Connect launcher fields to HTML email field & test they work
[X]  Create drag-n-drop functionality to auto-load quote info/details
[-]  Fix mistakes within HTML msg
[-]  Create a config file to keep some settings/fields persistent (CC-settings, process to merge cc-addresses (def+user_input)
[-]  Once a publishable version is satisfactorily established,  bundle pkg into .exe for usability & sharing.
[-]  Test .exe to ensure it works.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Future Goals to Incorporate/Implement
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
[-]  Update GUI to PyQT6 when able.
[-]  Establish a working database to feed data from quote intake ==> submissions to markets
[-]  Auto-populate an entry into our excell tracking report
[-]  Inquire about changing database system (yaml, MySQL) and location & what best practices are considering our implementation (local in-office vs. company-wide)


Expected date of completion:  01/14/2022

Commit message:

renamed extract_pdf_form_fields to submit_script

README.md, after:

# Mass-Quote-Submissions
 Repo for my Mass Quote Submissions email program

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Welcome! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~ Program created by Samuel Alexander Lanteigne ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Program Goals
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
[X]  Send emails using my work account
[X]  Include specific quote details in header (name, boat)
[X]  Include specific submission details in body (salutation, carrier-specific wording)
[X]  Basic CC functionality
[X]  Have a GUI launcher to select carriers & input necessary details
[X]  Incorporate details in assigned variables that will later be used
[X]  Automate the process by clicking & dragging a quoteform to attach to email
[X]  Allow other attachments to be included within the email.
[-]  Allow customizability with the HTML msg so that others can modify it accordingly for each carrier
[-]  Settings should be capable to be saved across sessions (persistent)


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Program Steps to success
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
[X]  Send a successful email
[X]  Include relevant specific data
[X]  Create a GUI launcher
[X]  Load functionality into launcher & test it works
[X]  Create form field entries into launcher
[X]  Connect launcher fields to HTML email field & test they work
[X]  Create drag-n-drop functionality to auto-load quote info/details
[-]  Fix mistakes within HTML msg
[-]  Create a config file to keep some data persistent
[-]  Include html msg parts from userinput to be persistent
[-]  Connect config file to main script
[-]  Once a publishable version is satisfactorily established,  bundle pkg into .exe for usability & sharing. (Pyinstaller or Alt.)
[-]  Test .exe to ensure it works.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Future Goals to Incorporate/Implement
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
[-]  Update GUI to PyQT6 when able.
[-]  Establish a workflow to feed data from quote intake ==> submissions to markets
[-]  Auto-populate an entry into our excell tracking report



Expected date of publishing:  01/14/2022
